What are you angry about standing there for?
Call an ambulance.
Ma'am, no one's seen this here.
I'm obviously going to get a new one.
You're crazy, this secretary is learning to die.
But the old woman is a lonely old woman, and if he doesn't have a dead father, he should check the window.
Hello 120?
How to remember you don't worry
My grandmother is still not out of danger.
But I believe you'll wake up at night.
What's going on?
It was my grandmother who came to see us and was accidentally hit by a car.
But General Director Choi Ho has already sent it to the police station.
General Director Gu asked the lady to save the old lady this time.
You saved my grandmother.
Yes, this time the situation is especially dangerous.
If you don't hug the old lady in time
Then they all blamed me.
If I was faster
Isn't your grandmother so bad that she's not even in danger?
Fuck you.
Thank you.
There's no need to say thank you between us.
Let's not talk about this anymore.